README.md, before:

# IQRA - Digital Quran

A modern, responsive Quran learning platform built with Next.js 15, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS. Features a clean, minimal UI with Vercel-quality transitions and animations.

## 🚀 Features

- **Modern Reading Interface**: Read Quran by Surahs, Juz, Hizb, or Mushaf pages
- **Progress Tracking**: Monitor your reading progress with detailed analytics
- **Bookmark System**: Save and manage your favorite verses
- **Search Functionality**: Find specific verses and topics quickly
- **Responsive Design**: Optimized for desktop, tablet, and mobile devices
- **Dark/Light Mode**: Toggle between themes for comfortable reading
- **Accessibility**: Full keyboard navigation and screen reader support
- **Smooth Animations**: Vercel-quality transitions and micro-interactions

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Framework**: Next.js 15 with App Router
- **Language**: TypeScript
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **UI Components**: shadcn/ui + Radix UI
- **State Management**: Zustand
- **Icons**: Lucide React
- **Charts**: Recharts
- **Animations**: Custom CSS transitions

## 📦 Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/iqra-digital-quran.git
cd iqra-digital-quran
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## 🚀 Deployment

### Vercel (Recommended)

1. Push your code to GitHub
2. Connect your repository to Vercel
3. Deploy automatically with zero configuration

### Other Platforms

The app can be deployed to any platform that supports Next.js:
- Netlify
- Railway
- Render
- AWS Amplify

## 📱 Pages

- **Dashboard**: Overview of reading progress and statistics
- **Read**: Browse and read Quran by different divisions
- **Progress**: Detailed analytics and reading habits
- **Bookmarks**: Manage saved verses
- **Search**: Find verses and topics
- **Learning**: Structured learning paths
- **Achievements**: Track accomplishments
- **Settings**: Customize your experience

## 🎨 Design System

- **Color Scheme**: Clean black and white with primary accent colors
- **Typography**: Modern, readable fonts with proper hierarchy
- **Components**: Consistent, accessible UI components
- **Animations**: Smooth, purposeful transitions
- **Layout**: Responsive grid system with proper spacing

## 🔧 Development

### Available Scripts

- `npm run dev` - Start development server
- `npm run build` - Build for production
- `npm run start` - Start production server
- `npm run lint` - Run ESLint
- `npm run type-check` - Run TypeScript type checking

### Project Structure

```
├── app/                    # Next.js app directory
├── components/             # Reusable UI components
├── lib/                   # Utility functions and data adapters
├── store/                 # Zustand state management
├── public/                # Static assets and data
└── styles/                # Global styles
```

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## 📞 Support

For support, email kabir.saamir@gmail.com or create an issue on GitHub.

---

Built with ❤️ for the Muslim community

Commit message:

feat: Add comprehensive Zustand storage migration and security fixes
- Add migrate functions to all Zustand stores to prevent migration errors
- Add onRehydrateStorage error handlers for graceful fallback
- Create storage-utils.ts for safe localStorage operations
- Replace hardcoded API keys with environment variables
- Add environment variable setup instructions to README
- Add new AI features: pronunciation analysis, text-to-speech, voice learning
- Add study groups functionality with messaging and challenges
- Add user metrics tracking and analytics
- Add interactive learning hub and gamification features
- Fix 'State loaded from storage couldn't be migrated' error
- Ensure backward compatibility with existing user data
- Add comprehensive error recovery for corrupted storage

README.md, after:

# IQRA - Digital Quran

A modern, responsive Quran learning platform built with Next.js 15, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS. Features a clean, minimal UI with Vercel-quality transitions and animations.

## 🚀 Features

- **Modern Reading Interface**: Read Quran by Surahs, Juz, Hizb, or Mushaf pages
- **Progress Tracking**: Monitor your reading progress with detailed analytics
- **Bookmark System**: Save and manage your favorite verses
- **Search Functionality**: Find specific verses and topics quickly
- **Responsive Design**: Optimized for desktop, tablet, and mobile devices
- **Dark/Light Mode**: Toggle between themes for comfortable reading
- **Accessibility**: Full keyboard navigation and screen reader support
- **Smooth Animations**: Vercel-quality transitions and micro-interactions

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Framework**: Next.js 15 with App Router
- **Language**: TypeScript
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **UI Components**: shadcn/ui + Radix UI
- **State Management**: Zustand
- **Icons**: Lucide React
- **Charts**: Recharts
- **Animations**: Custom CSS transitions

## 📦 Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/iqra-digital-quran.git
cd iqra-digital-quran
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Set up environment variables:
Create a `.env.local` file in the root directory with the following variables:
```bash
# OpenAI API Key for pronunciation analysis and AI features
NEXT_PUBLIC_OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key_here

# ElevenLabs API Key for text-to-speech functionality
NEXT_PUBLIC_ELEVENLABS_API_KEY=your_elevenlabs_api_key_here
```

4. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

5. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## 🚀 Deployment

### Vercel (Recommended)

1. Push your code to GitHub
2. Connect your repository to Vercel
3. Deploy automatically with zero configuration

### Other Platforms

The app can be deployed to any platform that supports Next.js:
- Netlify
- Railway
- Render
- AWS Amplify

## 📱 Pages

- **Dashboard**: Overview of reading progress and statistics
- **Read**: Browse and read Quran by different divisions
- **Progress**: Detailed analytics and reading habits
- **Bookmarks**: Manage saved verses
- **Search**: Find verses and topics
- **Learning**: Structured learning paths
- **Achievements**: Track accomplishments
- **Settings**: Customize your experience

## 🎨 Design System

- **Color Scheme**: Clean black and white with primary accent colors
- **Typography**: Modern, readable fonts with proper hierarchy
- **Components**: Consistent, accessible UI components
- **Animations**: Smooth, purposeful transitions
- **Layout**: Responsive grid system with proper spacing

## 🔧 Development

### Available Scripts

- `npm run dev` - Start development server
- `npm run build` - Build for production
- `npm run start` - Start production server
- `npm run lint` - Run ESLint
- `npm run type-check` - Run TypeScript type checking

### Project Structure

```
├── app/                    # Next.js app directory
├── components/             # Reusable UI components
├── lib/                   # Utility functions and data adapters
├── store/                 # Zustand state management
├── public/                # Static assets and data
└── styles/                # Global styles
```

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## 📞 Support

For support, email kabir.saamir@gmail.com or create an issue on GitHub.

---

Built with ❤️ for the Muslim community
